[rocprof-compute] Adding Triton backend to marker injection (#6901)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/docs/how-to/analyze/cli.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyTorch operator analysis
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List all operators
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter by operator
```

Reviewer 2: for a lack of better place for this comment.

I suggest to have feature-specific docs for torch and triton trace (ml api trace in general). see `docs\how-to\live_attach_detach.rst` as an example. Reasoning is because this is big feature and its docs/instructions should be easy to find and managed individually.

Author: That's a good idea. I will add a dedicated doc for this in a separate PR. If not earlier, I will add this once the new flag design is finalized. Thank you!

.. code-block:: shell-session

   # Wildcard match
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --torch-operator "*relu" --path ./workload

   # Exact match
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --torch-operator torch.nn.functional.relu --path ./workload

   # Match all operators (no arguments)
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --torch-operator --path ./workload

**Filter multiple operators** (space or comma separated):

.. code-block:: shell-session

   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental \
       --torch-operator "*relu,*conv*,*linear" --path ./workload

> Triton Operator Analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triton operator analysis
```

========================

.. warning::

   Triton operator analysis is currently available only in CLI mode and
   requires ``--experimental``. After profiling with
   ``--experimental --triton-trace`` (see :ref:`triton-trace`), use
   ``rocprof-compute analyze ... --experimental`` with
   ``--list-triton-operators`` or ``--triton-operator`` as needed.

> Triton kernels are analyzed like PyTorch operators, using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triton kernels can be analyzed similar to PyTorch operators. You can use the
```

> ``--list-triton-operators`` and ``--triton-operator`` options. These read the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``--list-triton-operators`` and ``--triton-operator`` options. Both options read the
```

> same ``ml_api_trace/consolidated.csv`` and select rows whose ``Backend`` column is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same ``ml_api_trace/consolidated.csv`` and select rows where the ``Backend`` column is
```

> ``triton``, so Triton kernels are reported independently of any PyTorch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``triton``. As a result, Triton kernels are reported independently even if PyTorch
```

> operators in the same run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operators appear in the same run.
```

> List all captured Triton kernels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List all captured Triton kernels
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------------------------
```

.. code-block:: shell-session

   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --list-triton-operators --path ./workload

> 

Reviewer: Add a heading: Filter the Triton kernels

Filter Triton kernels with shell-style glob patterns (``fnmatch``); the syntax
matches ``--torch-operator`` (``*``, ``?``, ``[seq]``; match all with no
arguments, ``all``, ``*``, or ``**``):

.. code-block:: shell-session

   # Wildcard match
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --triton-operator "*matmul*" --path ./workload

   # Filter multiple kernels (space or comma separated)
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental \
       --triton-operator "*matmul*,*softmax*" --path ./workload

> ``--torch-operator`` and ``--triton-operator`` are **mutually exclusive**: apply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``--torch-operator`` and ``--triton-operator`` are mutually exclusive: apply
```

   # Match all operators (no arguments)
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --torch-operator --path ./workload

**Filter multiple operators** (space or comma separated):

.. code-block:: shell-session

   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental \
       --torch-operator "*relu,*conv*,*linear" --path ./workload

Triton operator analysis
========================

.. warning::

   Triton operator analysis is currently available only in CLI mode and
   requires ``--experimental``. After profiling with
   ``--experimental --triton-trace`` (see :ref:`triton-trace`), use
   ``rocprof-compute analyze ... --experimental`` with
   ``--list-triton-operators`` or ``--triton-operator`` as needed.

Triton kernels can be analyzed similar to PyTorch operators. You can use the
``--list-triton-operators`` and ``--triton-operator`` options. Both options read the
same ``ml_api_trace/consolidated.csv`` and select rows where the ``Backend`` column is
``triton``. As a result, Triton kernels are reported independently even if PyTorch
operators appear in the same run.

List all captured Triton kernels
---------------------------------
.. code-block:: shell-session

>    $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --list-triton-operators --path ./workload

Reviewer 2: could we include a full example like what you did with `Display all PyTorch operators captured during profiling:` above?

Author: Added.

Filter the Triton kernels
-------------------------

Filter Triton kernels with shell-style glob patterns (``fnmatch``); the syntax
matches ``--torch-operator`` (``*``, ``?``, ``[seq]``; match all with no
arguments, ``all``, ``*``, or ``**``):

.. code-block:: shell-session

   # Wildcard match
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --triton-operator "*matmul*" --path ./workload

   # Filter multiple kernels (space or comma separated)
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental \
       --triton-operator "*matmul*,*softmax*" --path ./workload

``--torch-operator`` and ``--triton-operator`` are mutually exclusive: apply
one operator filter per analysis run, and run the analysis separately for each

> framework.

Reviewer 2: suggestion to have this section highlighted with warning or info for additional clarity.

Author: Added a note.

.. code-block:: shell-session

   # Wildcard match
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --torch-operator "*relu" --path ./workload

   # Exact match
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --torch-operator torch.nn.functional.relu --path ./workload

   # Match all operators (no arguments)
   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --torch-operator --path ./workload

**Filter multiple operators** (space or comma separated):

.. code-block:: shell-session

   $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental \
       --torch-operator "*relu,*conv*,*linear" --path ./workload

Triton operator analysis
========================

.. warning::

   Triton operator analysis is currently available only in CLI mode and
   requires ``--experimental``. After profiling with
   ``--experimental --triton-trace`` (see :ref:`triton-trace`), use
   ``rocprof-compute analyze ... --experimental`` with
   ``--list-triton-operators`` or ``--triton-operator`` as needed.

Triton kernels can be analyzed similar to PyTorch operators. You can use the

> ``--list-triton-operators`` and ``--triton-operator`` options. Both options read the

Reviewer 3: Not in this PR, not sure in the future we want to do: --list-mi-operators triton

Author: Yes, the flags will be updated https://amd-hub.atlassian.net/browse/AIPROFCOMP-682

   │ Operator                                                                 │   Calls │   Dispatches │   Total │   % Total │   Mean/Call │    Mean │     Min │     Max │
   ╞══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╪═════════╪══════════════╪═════════╪═══════════╪═════════════╪═════════╪═════════╪═════════╡
   │ torch.compile.fused                                                      │       1 │           39 │ 4.22 ms │    100.00 │     4.22 ms │ 0.11 ms │ 0.05 ms │ 0.81 ms │
   ├──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┼─────────┼──────────────┼─────────┼───────────┼─────────────┼─────────┼─────────┼─────────┤
   │ torch.compile.fused/triton.CompiledKernel.triton_poi_fused_add_mul_relu_ │       3 │           39 │ 4.22 ms │    100.00 │     1.41 ms │ 0.11 ms │ 0.05 ms │ 0.81 ms │
   │ 0                                                                        │         │              │         │           │             │         │         │         │
   ╘══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╧═════════╧══════════════╧═════════╧═══════════╧═════════════╧═════════╧═════════╧═════════╛

> Filter the Triton kernels

Reviewer 4: This reads repetitive as most of this is covered in `Filtering by Operator` section in torch tracing. Consider adding a reference here and keep duplicate informaiton to miminal to reduce maintenance cost

-------------------------

Filter Triton kernels with shell-style glob patterns (``fnmatch``); the syntax
matches ``--torch-operator`` (``*``, ``?``, ``[seq]``; match all with no
arguments, ``all``, ``*``, or ``**``):

.. code-block:: shell-session

   # Wildcard match

>    $ rocprof-compute analyze --experimental --triton-operator "*matmul*" --path ./workload

Reviewer 3: Just curious, are we going to support --triton-operator regex?

Author: May be later. It was in the initial plan but we moved to glob style matching, using fnmatch now.
